website/docs: Add agent instructions. (#22824)
goauthentik/authentik: website/AGENTS.md

> ## Project Overview

Reviewer: can we add comments about swizzling and such

  api/                  # API site (@goauthentik/api-docs) — generated from ../schema.yml
  docusaurus-theme/     # Shared theme/components/redirect logic for all three sites
  scripts/              # Build/lint helper scripts (e.g. lint-runtime.mjs)
  static/               # Shared static assets
  package.json          # Root workspace definition
```

### Author-facing guides (source of truth — keep content consistent with these)

- `docs/developer-docs/docs/writing-documentation.md` — setup, build commands, glossary, page routing & redirects.
- `docs/developer-docs/docs/style-guide.mdx` — the canonical style guide (terminology, voice, formatting, accessibility, metadata).
- `docs/developer-docs/docs/templates/` — `combo` / `procedural` / `conceptual` / `reference` templates (`*.tmpl.md`). Start from a template; default to **combo** unless the steps get buried, then split into procedural + conceptual.
- `docs/developer-docs/contributing.md` — general contribution guidelines.

When you change a documented workflow (commands, structure, conventions), update both this file **and** the corresponding author-facing guide so they don't drift.

## Authoring conventions

> These mirror `style-guide.mdx`; consult it for the full set.

Reviewer: I'd much rather point to the style guide than copy *some* elements

2. Use placeholder domains `authentik.company` and `<app-name>.company` (drop the service domain for SaaS).
3. **Do not edit the integrations sidebar** — it is auto-generated from `categories.mjs`.
4. Run `make integrations` before pushing.

### Adding a glossary term

Create `docs/core/glossary/terms/<term>.mdx` with `sidebar_custom_props` frontmatter (`termName`, `tags`, optional `authentikSpecific`, `shortDescription`, optional `longDescription`). See `writing-documentation.md` for the field reference.

## URLs and redirects

File path → URL: drop the `website/<site>` prefix, strip the extension, add a trailing slash (e.g. `website/docs/developer-docs/docs/style-guide.mdx` → `https://docs.goauthentik.io/developer-docs/docs/style-guide/`).

**Every URL is a promise — `_redirects` exist so links never break.** When you move or rename a page:

1. Move the file and update its `sidebar.mjs` entry.
2. Add a rule to the site's `static/_redirects` (`/old/path  /new/path  301!`).

Avoid renaming/moving pages unless necessary; better organization rarely justifies breaking bookmarks.

## Spell checking

> Spell checking uses **cspell** (`make lint-spellcheck`, config `../cspell.config.jsonc`). Custom dictionaries live in `../locale/en/dictionaries/` (`software-terms.txt`, `integrations.txt`, `idp.txt`, language-specific lists, `people.txt`, `ignore.txt`). Add genuinely new product/service/technology terms to the appropriate dictionary rather than rewording correct prose; never disable the checker for a page.

Reviewer: can we also mention <!-- spellcheck ignore --> or whatever the syntax is

## Project Overview

This is the **authentik documentation website** — the source for everything published under `goauthentik.io`. It is a TypeScript [NPM Workspace](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v11/using-npm/workspaces) at `./website` that builds **three separate [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) sites**, each its own workspace package with its own `docusaurus.config.esm.mjs`, `sidebar.mjs`, and `static/_redirects`:

> - **Topics / "The Docs"** (`docs/`, pkg `@goauthentik/docs-topics`) → [docs.goauthentik.io](https://docs.goauthentik.io) — how to use authentik.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Topics / "The Docs"** (`docs/`, pkg `@goauthentik/docs-topics`) → [docs.goauthentik.io](https://docs.goauthentik.io) — how to use and configure authentik.
```

> - **Integrations** (`integrations/`, pkg `@goauthentik/integration-docs`) → [integrations.goauthentik.io](https://integrations.goauthentik.io) — guides for using authentik with third-party services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Integrations** (`integrations/`, pkg `@goauthentik/integration-docs`) → [integrations.goauthentik.io](https://integrations.goauthentik.io) — guides for integrating authentik with third-party services. Primarily for SSO.
```
